that's a good hello and welcome to topid
cast
today we're going to be watching floor
playing as the Force Commander and yours
truly Senpai topid da STD playing as the
War Boss this is a rarity I don't
normally cast my own games of course I
know what happened in them roughly to my
recollection but I think this was quite
an epic game and I've been playing a lot
of War Boss recently I have to admit I
think the match up against the FC is
[__] in favor of the Force Commander
there goes the
monetization I think it's super favored
for the Force
Commander there are a couple of
problems the Razer back is the biggest
problem in the matchup and auto malas
have a Razer back as well and it is
similarly problematic the good thing
when you're dealing with the auto malus
Razer back is they don't have Stern
guard and tactic Space Marines to go
along with it the Force Commander in his
ability to get the thunderhammer in tier
2 and control all your melee with it is
a serious problem and the threat of a
Terminator Force Commander in tier three
is also a very serious problem he could
also go for sacred standard in t two and
if you get Stern guard and tactical
Space Marines then they're going to be
doing crazy damage at range and your
poor squishy light infantry boys are
going to have a very difficult time
because remember Orcs do not get any
heavy infantry units until tier three
when when they can field a knob squad or
some flash
gits now your standard opening in pretty
much every matchup I've found so far
really is two Shooters and one
Slugger I cannot find a matchup in which
going for more than one Slugger is
actually worth it you see a nice Dodge
there with the battlecry to counter my
stomp I seen that he hadn't used
battlecry and I was like is he going to
miss it is he not paying attention and
he did it at the last minute and wasted
my stump but hey I kind of wasted his
battlecry of course sluger has got into
meley there I did purchase burners as
well I think that was because I was
worried the attacks were going to kite
into one of these places really I should
have cancelled that actually coming
around this way and seeing that I was
flanking him and he only had FC and uh
attack there I should have canceled the
burners it would have been better to
spend the resources elsewhere because I
purchased those burners I drop another
gen prior to getting my fourth Squad
which will likely be storm booys again
most match up I find storm boys is the
best option some times looter are good
very rarely is the pay boy good but he
can be especially if the enemy plays on
Orthodox and spams
melee so yeah normally you would only
run one generator on your Orcs if you
want storm boys but I purchased these
burners wanting to get some more
pressure on the map and may have noticed
that there was only one Scout running
around and obviously if they take the
Garrison then I can't get them out and
it's very annoying with tactical Marines
with their bols in the Garrison they're
hurt so I need the
burners by doing that I've spent a dis
proportionate amount of power I need
another gen and I won't delay my storm
boys too much in doing so so storm boys
are now on Route Flo's opted for a
Devastator FL obviously has more
requisition to spare and that's why he
has all these gens cuz he's only gone
for two initial squads compared to my
threee even though tactical Marines are
a bit more expensive had to vacate the
Garrison here with the presence of the
Scout sge and his grenade always
problematic and we do see the artificer
armor oh look at this place so I know
I'm in the retreat path of a grenade
it's harder to hit a grenade the longer
the unit has been traveling for cuz they
accelerate in speed furthermore I know
that the paing is quite favorable in
this corner and also it's probable that
my opponent has never even hit a retreat
grenade here cuz who the hell goes to
this side of the map so there you go and
I dodged the grenade without losing any
model so that was
good caught the Tactical Marines in the
mid with the stor boys not the Tactical
Marines sorry the Devastators they've
got to go and here you go the burners
prove useful now cuz the attacks can't
just run into the G they could have
tried to cut to this one as well Flo
probably would have missed the micro on
that one anyway but it's handy and hey
look there's a generator so I can SW
swap these two range STS burn that down
faster than the stor boys can do and uh
the stor boys can leap over this terrain
and get on with decapping the point so
far so good Flo doing quite well in
terms of Eco of course has fewer things
than me he is opting for the shotgun now
so he's
paid um 40 power on his Scouts and he's
paired 25
is it for artificer I think
25 so I've gone for the enhanced custom
shooter here not convinced that this is
really worth it yeah that's a really
good stun right
there I think there might be a bug with
battlecry in relation to that I'm not
I'm not sure or if a unit is in the
middle of their special cuz I tried this
versus deos with the Thunder Hammer FC
and it really didn't work I think you
really need to hit him with the stone
before he gets into Mell I don't know if
it's a BG or what it is it's not great
there you go bang disrupt him with a
stomp there in combin with aing watch to
suppress and then get a lucky special
attack knocks him over again and that's
the end of the FC in spite of his
artificial armor however shoot was
caught on the other side by Devastators
now I am flanking Sluggers can obviously
take out the attacks storm boys can jump
on the devs want to get my War Boss back
a bit there got him a bit too close took
too much free damage from the
Devastators and yeah things are going
good so
far uh Flo has now opted for a Asm Squad
he probably wanted to fast te on what he
had but he was probably feeling this is
getting bad here I'm getting beaten up
in quite a lot of engagements I'm losing
a lot of VPS I might lose my gen farm
and that might GG me early so he's opted
for a bit more investment but he is he's
doing all right on the map control just
the VPS really that he's struggling with
if we look at the
resources wow pretty much spot on even
resources on each
side ready to serve so if the ASM land a
jump on the Sluggers they should win
that fight one of the big advantages of
playing melee with the War Boss though
is I have those glob balls the ad boys
and the huge Choppers at my disposal
reverse there goes one of them that's
the ad boys 25% damage resistance but
unfortunately there's too much
overwatching
fire Scouts TS
devs a lot contributing there well
Scouts weren't cuz they were they've
only got shotguns but still too much of
the stor boys they're squishy they're
only light infantry remember compared to
the heavy infantry ASM so taking reduced
damage from my Shooters trying to get a
bit of a flank here on the Devastators
uh I'm having some
success and we're rotating the Sluggers
back in to deal with the TS it's a good
job for them but unfortunately this time
the force commanders there with
battlecry so this is a bit of a tricky
engagement but the Sluggers pull through
and then we get the stun on the FC which
is beautiful and then follow it up the
big Shooters to DPS him down y That's
strong it's effective there's no denying
it you can see the map is definitely
starting to come around into my favor
I'm one requisition point up right
now shall make it and this one that he's
got isn't fully matured okay mine's the
same there so I'm one wck
up obviously he's retreated and I'm
still on the
map no Elite Training on these guys yet
so even though they're not losing models
it will take them a while to regen their
HP but he is getting the elite train and
you can see that we're going to tier two
at similar times floor actually ispite
of getting more gens than me early on is
actually
behind I mean is invested quite a lot
when you think about it he's got the
flamer I don't know why he got the
flamer as such I don't know if there was
a point when he was trying to go for a
bit of a gen bash timing push it didn't
look like it not to my recollection but
it's good for anti- Garrison as well
there's a lot of garrisons in this
map so I think with the Advent of the
ASM I recognize that I'm probably ahead
in Tech and I'm going to go for the the
war truck to be
honest I find against a lot of fact I
don't really like the death dread I
think the W truck is is pretty much the
way to
go picked up the spiky armor whilst
teing to not delay my w truck you know
just makes him a bit
tankier helps my War Boss scale when the
DPS of my foes is going to keep Rising
jump to try and Dodge the shotgun blast
but really oh that was the play I going
to say really I need to get out of there
but I was actually waiting for the storb
enough to coming cuz when he enters even
if he's not jumped he will uh he'll stun
he'll stun the enemies around him with
his
entrance there you go route most of his
Marines Force Commander CA up top But
Here Comes the Razer back and this is a
problem so I need to get tank Busters to
deal with the Razer back and in tandem
with the war truck that can be quite
effective
definitely but he has a Devastator
doesn't he
understood so we can of course get a
last Cannon as he is to deal with the
war truck and what he probably wants to
do next is drop down Stern
guard oh a bit bad there should have
seen the jump coming and got in the W
truck
sooner he's going to get a rear armor
hit but does he have the melter bomb no
he doesn't have the melter bomb so I
don't think he can get another one now I
did react in time with the w trucks
that's good trying to bleed the scouts
you always want to focus fire Scouts
down with your Shooters they're the only
light infantry here so Shooters will
kill them nice and
fast and FC continues to be on capping
Duty it's where it's really nice to have
two Scouts but what can you do you can't
have everything can
you now one of the disadvantages for the
Orcs on their roster is the fact that
they don't have many repair units so
often you'll feel compelled to buy GRS
in tier 2 to to get some repairs going
and it's honestly not always a bad
idea certainly if you've lost your
Sluggers it's probably a very good idea
cuz Sluggers coming out at thisas level
are are pretty [__] to be honest I won't
be able to stop the cap here going down
if I use stomp because he has battle
crry and to get it so I just figure I'll
just shoot
him cuz it's going to be a tough melee
fight since I don't have an actual melee
weapon so I'll get as much chip as I can
oh and I walk the the war truck I drive
it way too far forward here and it
actually gets caught by the last Cannon
Devastator this is a bit of a [__] up I
also really should not be engaging with
Sluggers right next to the Raaz back and
potentially Scouts as well all right
engagement here with the storm boys
hopefully caned some tactical Marin
models and I actually commit deeper I've
got tank Busters out now but the problem
is the ASM have
arrived and they can tie up the tank
Busters do manage to kill a model in the
ASM I'm not exactly sure what they're
doing to be honest yeah they probably
should have got out of there a while ago
but that was a beautiful Grenade on
Retreat there from the scouts and that
killed so many of my stor boys about
four of
them and that's not good and then of
course Razer back shooting Shooters out
in the open is not not a very good time
for Shooters that's for
sure tank Busters are trying to do
something I need another razor another W
truck now in order to have Mobility on
my tank Busters to catch this razor back
the other problem is as you'll see here
if you're out in the open and you start
losing
models you you get into serious trouble
cuz you have DPS bleed with a water you
can offset that by
reinforcing so try and push him for the
kill on the ra about but it does back
out in time flow makes a pretty big
micro error here I use swamp him for the
extra speed bust and the uh damage
resistance deranged I'd want to try and
get rid of this last Cannon right now so
I can get tank Busters with a um with
the w truck in on the Razer back but
actually Flo is a little bit slow to
react there moves his razor back forward
too far doesn't tie up my tank Busters
in melee immediately with his Stern
guard that he called in and I actually
managed to snag the Razer back so that
was a big misplay on his behalf nearly
gets the sluger boys there if he used he
gets the slug boys with the damage over
time from the
Hellfire [__] yeah so I was going to say
if he used for the emperor that would
have been a guaranteed kill well he
didn't even need it so imagine if he did
use for the emperor and battlecry oh God
the damage that these guys can do
against or units with those Hellfire
rounds is truly terrifying truly truly
scary and like I say then you can
compound that by getting you could go
Power sword you don't need to just go
Thunder hammer you've gone to tier two
but you could also get the sacred
standard if you've got ta and Stern
guard and certainly if you have pevs as
well sacred standard is just Godly just
think of it as a permanent for the
emperor Global on all those units around
the FC it's very very
strong lasda is perhaps getting a little
bit too close I'm not sure how tank
Busters perform in melee but that would
tie them up at the very least so they
can't shoot the truck truck's a little
bit far back though I try and use yui
Choppers but I realize oh my God this is
way too many guys and they're just going
to CC me cuz that's what the Space
Marines do would have been better to use
ad boys really and not use your Choppers
so I've got to get out of there with the
ASM then jumping on the shooter
boys what happened with the the devs we
just run past one another with the tank
Busters and the devs figured Busters
better be put to use gem bashing that's
generally the best option for them
another grenade fortunately for me
messes that one up
misses and what buus has now got a power
claw so he's going to do some decent
damage now in melee he's going for a
trophy rack as well which causes an AOE
damage debuff to the fours so very very
powerful accessory when it comes to army
versus army engagements you can see
these debuff circles on literally all
these units now let's see can I get a
Stern guard model oh disrupted by the
scouts classic stomp to disrupt the ASM
get knocked over by the FC brilliant
still fishing for the St guard model
and probably going to get wiped for
it using aing wat St to slow down the
ASM so they don't get the chainsaw hits
in but unfortunately the damage over
time from the Hellfire round strikes
again and now my storm boys are once
again completely isolated they were
jumping in to try and stun the stern
guard so that the war BOS could get out
of there but I completely mistimed that
and you can see right now this
composition here this blob is really
hard to deal with and I'm complaining
ridiculous match up I must admit I got
quite tilted I was playing a lot of
games uh of War Boss recently and it
it's very difficult like the thing is he
[__] up and lost his razor back can
you imagine fighting all this if he
still had his razor back oh my God it's
absolutely impossible meanwhile you've
got tactical Marines down the side now
rotating to bash me you can see that I
basically lost the entire map at this
point and Floy is taking to tier three
as well so I'm thinking what the [__]
can I get at this point that is going to
help me stor boys have gone in on their
own because I'm just trying to stall for
the gem bash I do actually have ad boys
here which is nice we are going to pick
up a couple of models here on the stern
guard so that's good we're reinforcing
up the truck and with ad boys were quite
effective against the ASM now can we get
a wipe on the tax I'm going to go for
it oh that's
close no it doesn't look like it's going
to happen
unfortunately but this is the problem so
FL to tier three and he is now getting
the TFC the Terminator for commander and
that is going to be quite the pin in the
ass to deal
with st guard are starting to level up
as well then well they're very very
close to level
two but one of the best things about
storm BS in this map is all the jumping
over the terrain if you get the improved
rocket packs you get that jump range
bonus of 15 and frankly that is just
amazing I don't even use bomb Boys in
this match up very often but that jump
range buff so good you can leap around
the map look at this it's
beautiful the distance they can cover is
amazing so I think in the end I opt for
a second storm boy Squad I mean I'm
bleeding his VPS that's the thing that's
advantageous to me not how I don't fully
reinforce the tank Busters there's no
reason to they are purely a capping unit
for me now
they've done their job of killing the
vehicle don't need them for combat
they're just capping unit and I need
requisition so yeah I see he's down to
160 VPS I've got over 200 I'm going to
get another storm boy I don't realize
he's tier three of course I haven't seen
the TFC yet this is his first appearance
now but the
TFC oh the TFC was changed he used to be
2,500 with heavy infantry armor so stos
would have been really good with the
power melee doing bonus but yeah he's
got less HP now but he's got a commander
armor so he's just incredibly incredibly
tanky and he can Retreat un like normal
Terminators he's going for the lightning
claws here because of course even though
he's got the power fist right now he
doesn't do Splash damage so it's quite
slow to deal with things like storm boys
lightning claws will do Splash damage
but the most important thing is they've
got tracking AOE specials much like the
the Thunder
Hammer so double storm boys
trophy rack putting in a hell of a lot
of work right now debuffing all these
units kind of counteracts in the
inspiration that may take place but I
see some lightning claws there on the
Terminator Force Commander and you can
see when he activates battlecry oh my
God it is brutal slice and dice AOE
absolutely slaughtering ni stor Bo so
they're going to jump out of there try
and get in the last Cannon to keep the
wall trck around and they
do bit of an awkward Retreat though
retreating through air and that TFC but
doesn't manage to kill the storb knob
quite lucky for me I
imagine they had the energy there for
another jump but instead op throw a melt
bomb for some reason might have been
worth going for the jump and trying to
kill the storm boys they were so low and
I only had Shooters to try and deal with
them which aren't
great but I got the cybor implant so I
actually swapped out the spiky armor and
I really caught him off guard there he
probably wanted to teleport out but I
stunned him with a cybor implant
stomp I fig that's going to be the only
way I can deal with this TFC kind of
shut him up is just stun him you can't
suppress him you can't knock him over
either so my normal st's useless against
him and that's why I got the big
stump little bit of Mis micro again
there from Flo lets my War Boss get into
melee and kill a couple of
Devastators now the problem is tactical
Marines have been sidelining the whole
time this is where my Sluggers should be
running up with a knob leader and can
handle them easy enough and then they
got burners for the Garrison but
yeah it's not
happening so I think I use a call the
boys here that delay scared the [__] out
of me it took
ages just trying to stay on the field
for as long as possible but I am
struggling I've got a lot of red but not
a lot of
requisition and yeah I don't have the
Sluggers right now so I have no anti-
Garrison to deal with these attacks so
simply take the Garrison and make me
feel sad cuz now they are roasting my
storm boys fortunately level two stor
boys with the knob not too
weak but yeah I can't just stand there
it will
[Music]
hurt so I rotate the truck and the
shooters that's my Mo ability and the
shooters can take over the cap now but
it's just a constant game of cat and
mouse really and running around with
these storm boys flying around really
but um not not able to win without a
knob that's for sure use your Choppers
again not really proving to useful
because I'm I'm losing all my health
before I even get chance to do damage
with the damn thing because of all the
knockback sources that the SM have so
again would have been better off using
ad boys quite lucky there my two
Shooters in my w managed to snag a Stern
guard model so that was lovely but I've
got no repairs I lost my Sluggers didn't
I so I can't repair my truck so it's
running around with a absolute Slither
of HP right now serve
brother Busters have replaced that
stormboy squad on the side that
eventually dealt with a tactical
flamer well it was the shoers wasn't it
that came and saved the day in the
end Flo probably making a mistake here
over extending his entire Army to deal
with the Busters now he sort of opened
me up to to sneak in storm boys once
again leaping over going to the the
natural of FL and I get a Decap in the
mid so yeah a bit of a mistake from Flo
there for sure he shouldn't have rot
ated so many units over that
way going take the Garrison hiding from
Scout
shotguns C probably a
misclick there's come a reing green SK
the
Cur so right there I'm quite concerned
I'm going to get knocked over with my
squishy little storm boys I don't want
that so I jump away to dodge the um the
knockback from the ASM and I didn't want
knock back from as them into Scouts and
you notice there again I stun the TFC
with my cybork implant you can see the
amount of damage that I actually can put
onto the TFC then the power claw um War
Boss focuses him down he's chasing my
storm boys but at this point he's so low
that I can probably turn around with the
storm Bo and push him off and I'm sure
that's what it's going to
happen
yeah should be teleporting oh my God
that special oh and he did teleport [__]
that was that was cheeky
another CER boys to reinforce all this
stuff now the good thing about CER boys
is it's not just a reinforce it's an AOE
damage buff and you can see the impact
of this right here a lot of damage there
onto the ASM I'm Bing ASM models is
pretty
powerful can't deny it I'm going to get
some gem bashing in but quite frankly
that doesn't matter right now the amount
of red that flow has is absolutely
ridiculous you should be spamming for
the emperor every single
engagement yeah over 800 red what the
[__] and he he finishes off my generator
f with tack flame as he's had lazev
running around the back capping things I
mean what a nightmare only now am I able
to go tier
three don't want my V my natural rect to
be Decap so I Ed the tank Buster barrage
there to try and disrupt it he's still
going for it and I've only got Shooters
these guys are hit high so it's not
ideal they might get wiped
in he's clearly forgot about them yeah
cuz even when they finish the Decap
there was a big delay there and they do
get wiped indeed by the stormbow and
Retreat and that's all right because it
actually opens up the possibility of
going for a looted
tank it's not good to lose those capping
units this late
[Music]
on so likewise I'm trying to run away
with my attack Busters I don't want to
lose
them save the deal with stone boys
all boss is in combat
again big stomp
literally it's the stun as well very
nice it gives me a lot of time for
Shooters to open up fire but I am
getting kind of wrecked on the VPS right
now three to zero cap in flavor of FLW
finally get the Busters over here onto
the VP I've had to keep the storm Boys
in to make make sure the tacks don't get
out and deal with the tank Busters but
obviously it's not ideal cuz they are
just bleeding models and not doing
anything to the guys in the
Garrison War Boss TFC jeweling War Boss
just trying to push the stern guard away
so they're not covering the central
VP zombo is wanting to take said Central
VP but then I notic oh [__] the tfc's
coming well guys I'm coming back to this
now really late and there's going to be
a weird edit there because I just
realized that I ran out of hard drive
space in the middle of recording this
right near the end of the cast so
fortunately I didn't lose the entire
cast but I'm just coming back now way
later so I don't even know what the hell
I was commentating
about we're just in this crazy VP Rush
situation aren't we in the end game
where once again I just love the
improved rocket pack jump range to jump
from there to there it's [__] mental
look at the special attacks though on
TFC with lightning claws that is [__]
mental bleed bleed
bleed and now he's got that Commander
armor so he actually dies a bit better
to the to the shooters now cuz even
though Commander armor is um is
generally a better armor than heavy
infantry to justify that they lowered
the actual Max HP on
him such that actually against pacing he
would have been better before with more
HP and heavy Infantry than with
Commander armor but yeah against things
like storm boys and Retreat Commander
armor is actually quite a bit better
nearly taking out the Scouts in the
corner there you see they were desperate
to get the Decap and they did get it ASM
just trying to chop their way through
all this is not great you see me
constantly swapping between War gears
here I'm just trying to basically stun
lock my
opponents if you go for the custom
shooter obviously you get the single
Target St on the TFC so then the stor
boys can do the real damage stor boys
are amazing I'm absolutely in love with
them I really am and there you go big
Stomp and again stom boys then are free
to do all the damage that they want and
they really hurt with those power melee
Choppers keep the uh the Terminators
tied up obviously War Boss swaps over to
the power claw to contribute some damage
as well he's not going to do much with
his default
axe but the Terminators can mostly just
ignore him they are getting debuffed by
the trophy rack so yeah late game
potential of this War Boss really really
good but he's not that tanky cuz I don't
have heavy armor but look at the cool
down on the big stomp really low cool
down very nice for handling these
Terminators they do pick up their
lightning claws which certainly gives
them far more DPS but it does reduce
their HP regen and Max HP by quite a lot
so you can see they're quite beaten up
so they're going to struggle in this
fight now I think I was
considering using CER boys here but then
I looked and these guys are actually six
models but really low on HP so the gold
boys would have been useless everyone
was full models obviously you commit to
the fight but I was trying to time it
with my wall boss retreating past so it
wasn't going to work so I just Retreat
those guys straight out those stor boys
are going to have to jump away they
don't want to we a fragmentation grenade
to the face and on the side we did
manage to get rid of these tactical
Marines it was a bit of a Mis marker
actually from Flo at some point he got
the M wasn't watching and I guess I
jumped them with storm
boys try and delay the cap with a bomber
boys unfortunately it doesn't work it
doesn't knock them off the cap then
we're going to have to jump onto the
stern guard thanks to fire rounds which
would hurt my storm boys quite a lot I'm
going to drop ad boys to make them a bit
more resilient they're going in deep
here I mean they're getting attacked by
lightning claw Terminator shotguns and a
lightning claw TFC not a great situation
for them there goes another jump from
the storm boys and a beautiful beautiful
beautiful big stomp big stomp carrying
the day and I've seen that opportunity
there all the stern guard knocked over
Terminator stunned let's use Yuji
Choppers for the damage boost special
attacks aren't going to help us but mod
power melee damage will help us against
terminat you see this dude here getting
absolutely shredded they are
prioritizing taking out the tank Busters
which are just my capping unit really
but there you go there's the call the
boys all these guys reinforced they get
a speed buff and all my boys get more
damage more damage on the war boss as
well plus the shooters and the Commandos
going to slay the TFC in the end there
and that is basically the game cuz Flo
is off the map Commandos had gone down
the side and caught this VP obviously
Scouts would be unable to contest
Commandos and I pull through in spite of
everything quite a lot of resources
there from FL would have had a predator
coming out in a bit but yeah I mean just
no time no time with the VPS what a
really tight game one thing in in
reflection all this time having passed
since playing this game I think I still
think stor boys are the best Arc unit
that is my my strongest opinion about
arcs is that stor
boys are the strongest unit and now I've
just realized that I don't have any
ingame music oh my God or sounds oh well
[__] it [__] it guys it is what it is at
least you've got commented
him I'm on a I'm on a tight shedule with
these casts what can I say that's why
there's few of them that have gone up um
hopefully the cast will continue coming
I've got like 5 days off in three days
time so then I can hopefully sit down
and do a load of casts in bulk and I
actually want to play a bit more War
Boss because as I say I've only got a
few things that I'm I'm feeling strong
about that storm boys are the best unit
the jump range from the improved rocket
packs is
amazing in general I think the war boss
is not very good he's just not very
influential early on I think the custom
shoot has been over
nerfed this [__] is fine but it's super
expensive and the armors are
all really expensive for what they
do the lack of Av is a real problem
flowing in this game thrown away their
Razer back quite unnecessarily and that
really was what kept me in the game
along with called the boys C the boys is
something that I'm not exploiting
anywhere near as much as I should be I
need to be spamming it it's the best
Global by far and it's really the reason
to play Orcs is because of C the boys so
that's something I need to consider in
the future and hopefully when I get
chance to do a bit more POV gameplay you
will see it in action but there you go
folks that is going to be all from this
one cool to see some TFC as well I hope
you enjoyed it well that was not the TFC
that's a isolated Terminator but that
was the TFC but yeah I hope you enjoyed
that one something a little different
that is going to be all from your boy
topet I am signing out
[Music]
h